what's up guys over here and welcome
back to another minecraft video today
I'll be showing you the ninja run mod or
as I've personally renamed it the ninja
movement mod and what the smart does is
it basically gives you special abilities
and perks that allow you to move like a
ninja and minecraft and I'm here with my
sexy mustache in unibrow does that turn
you all know where that's the church in
the background let's face the other way
but let's get right to into its if I go
out of my sexy mustache mode the first
thing you want to know is that you will
now sneak much faster in Minecraft now
just because you know we're supposed to
be ninja as we're supposed to be
stealthy and what better way to make it
more efficient and faster so that's
quite cool but that is not the main part
of this mod so if we go at and bang our
head into the wall right here oh isn't
that fun don't try this well try this
unless your unicorn or rhino or your
very horny get it but uh anyway
basically try and walk into it very
elegantly and sneak and look like and
pop your butt out and get ready to
berate or whatever and you jump and look
at that I just I just totally ninja that
yes you can now jump 3 block walls but
that is well that wow my mustache is
good looking good today but we can also
walk or rather spin on water and lava
now and basically what we do is we
sprint and jump at the same time and
that will us to swap a sort of hop on
the water that's quite cool another
simple way is to use a swiftness potion
I have a splash potion right here and
look I'm not finding out sexy blue
bubbles and basically now we only need
to sprint and that will get us across
the lava which is awesomely cool and
this is extremely useful of remaining
down the cave and were like oh wait I
don't sprint then and well I wow is it
fail and and we're like yeah lava I
don't think so and you can just run
across it and go to your diamonds or
cold or whatever stuff you're into maybe
it's lapis who knows um another feature
is that you know if you're if you
suddenly meet
in Pacific Ocean and you're like yeah I
don't want to build a boat and just
sprint over it's like a blob ninja yeah
wow that's creepy Oh anyway um remember
the wall climbing thing I told you about
well you can actually do it sort of in
Reverse you basically do the same thing
jumping at the last moment hold back
space and hold back and you'll go back
so quite self-explanatory but this part
is kind of like the smart moving mod
allows you to climb walls so basically
what you do is once again poke your
pee-pee against against either iron bars
or fences and press C and you'll be able
to climb it now this is really just sort
of based off the smart moving idea
easier stuff except it's ninja themed
and there's a and there's quite a few
amazing aspects to it sews keep watching
and also you can climb bond buttons for
some reason I guess this guy's into
small tiny stuff that's poking out of
bigger stuff all that sounds wrong but
yeah so long dark hallway what could be
at the end oh wait we have night vision
to check it out and where's the creeper
i spawned dammit bits yeah so basically
pressing control will give you sort of a
night vision that makes things much
easier to see and um where is the
freaking creeper that i spawned in where
are you freakin creeper oh let's try and
find let's try and find a creeper very
climatic anyway that's the creeper here
I'm a creative mode so i won't go after
me but the cool part let's still go
night vision here is that we can
actually go into slow motion mode and
basically just hold caps down as you can
see i'm falling bubbles really slow now
i'm moving really slow now however i can
swing my cursor at the spain same speed
and this is actually one fourth of the
original speed so if i go with and hit
this creeper here look at that look at
that look at how slow we all are we are
we are all slow so as you can see I've
just slayed that creeper still quite
slow and basically this doesn't this
kind is your movement to however it
doesn't
wherever you look at so you you do move
at a slower pace as well but the
advantage we have here is that we can
swing the cursor really fast so if I go
and do that again slow motion we can
actually do that wall climbing move jump
up look the other way and hop on so
that's really really cool we can do all
sorts of parkour stuff with this and so
basically sprint sprint sprint oh my god
hospitals feels gud oh oh oh oh look at
that look at the jump I'm jumping over a
one block and this just makes things
look way more cooler um let me just run
on lava right here oh look at that Oh
attend to that oh that enough that did
not end well no I was I trying to do not
what I was trying to do okay so mo gin
is really pissing me off now but yeah so
if you have single player commands and
you can go faster than most people this
will be absolutely amazing you can chase
after people hey slow motion I don't
think so and you can slay them and then
you can violate them whatever you want
to do really uh up to you whatever you
want to do but this is just absolutely
awesome mod like always a link to this
amazing mod is in the description I
would really appreciate it if you
wouldn't mind taking half a second to
leave a rating but that is all hopefully
you've enjoyed in this awesome awesome
mod look I'm still slow and chime still
falling out nice bubbles but yes that's
all hopefully you've enjoyed thanks so
much for watching and have fun with the
slow motion and i know that i am going
to go violate ando slots I think who
knows use your creativity spring so that
feels good I'll see that oh yeah I am so
gonna violate a no slot after this